[Music]
another one that you introduce in hd
what's happening to the kids
farts in cans farts
in cans
p 2 bottled dude I would like to
monetize the video but I don't know if it's going to
be possible because we're going to talk about the
youtuber is good streamer a moura
incredible incredible but you can't be
so unoriginal
okay contribution from paula 2 I mean literally
this page was not
hello
okay literally but from a gamer girl watts
watts and it tells me contributions from paula 2 paula
maybe maybe maybe you get paid
but it's not that big a deal
marion well I've
messed up
but whatever the thing about greece is the anus this
time this time [ __ ] himself
that man and I [ __ ] himself in all the videos
that if he makes one
obviously you're not going to get paid paulo no way that
if he leaves that if he makes a
video of his stages but when he bends
down that if he was playing butt paper
but watch out he could make a good business with
the ease he has with these little
cans a mourad has opened a store
at  lobelle from the film where she's selling
water from her pool but not only that but she's
also selling her farts she's
given them a name so it doesn't
sound so ugly even though it obviously
is but like I bet you
how she named it have you ever
wanted to know what your favorite streamer smells like
now's your chance again to
greece we almost don't
know the smell no some the little
ones
like I catch you with your headphones
on and it's one of these fat birds
hart the name position
limited edition super exclusive made
especially to predict for you
boyacá also depends on what you've
eaten that
people
why do they do in this daycare guys each
jar is autographed for the love of it
numbered by hand from one to a thousand
extremely limited quantity
only satire two thousand pesos
look at the ones mentioned and the sales page
but like look at the ones mentioned and
the sales page it came out now
here life
sometimes
the
tweet is not
convincing a new business
hello
a new family business I am an
enterprising girl I did not start a new business have
you ever wished or read your
favorite snake  get the water from your
hot tub in physical form not an rfc
to these studies and without reaction they
waited for
something strange and you already know build this
all to review it
cutipa totis
but more than anything to review kids
but very well like a pan of flipas
we are seeing a perspective of
it
from the factory
is writing right now but let's
literally have a place in the
factory I'll
explain it to you like this okay so you understand me
and nothing then the water
then the water
well here it is here is the photo
posing
with a work posture let's say
composure filling the bottle so you
understand me literally I'm not going to put the
photo but well literally filling the
bottle and then it gives you its link to
orly fan it is not a very
descriptive page no
and he told me that there were those mentioned to see
those mentioned in the tweet already entered between
visited
harasses me brother what the [ __ ] is going to
hell in the world I hate the world's population let's
see study I pass the cello and about the
dolphin
is that I'm afraid to go down dude because it is
a very sensitive subject and I'm going to go down
and I'm going to find something objectionable
okay it's still a more honest business
than the FT says one
the worst will be like around here in a tweet there will
be people who buy this dude I'm
not going to be in the script okay okay
postscript we
'll need to buy the water and the
bottled fart for scientific purposes
to be reviews in plus salsa so
donate it to grandpa so that the parents
because he's stiffer than me
wants to acquire all this daycare
who put who wrote this
barrier between the two
dude
I can't have workers like that
where to grandpa so he doesn't pay
because he was stiff like me when I see
morocco
and now then with what face am I going to go to
ramona to say anything
with what face am I going to say anything to
ramón to a
morán he's selling bottled farts
for a thousand dollars
a thousand dollars
of course you know that he put me on the
page
but I haven't seen the prices and let's see the
prices
shop
bilbao
or rather the water dogs the
water charritos 100 bucks 100
dollars
and the farts
or rather the empty jar
has an imaginary the [ __ ] who
buys the empty jar
imagined the [ __ ] who buys
altar it has been
takes a thousand dollars
and you get the jar
my goodness I'm going back to bed because I was
late today
Morales is selling her farts with
a hair from her hair inside a
glass jar signed by her for a thousand
dollars it's spectacular [ __ ]
this was the photo I was
describing no
love farts are already for sale
good day
this chick has decided to shoot a load
in a bottle and sell it for a thousand euros a
thousand euros for two thousand dollars under the
corporate name of these
geniuses
when they get yours she says she will
pay it I will look to see the problem here if there is a
problem as a problem
to no one let's look at it from that point of view
let's look at it from that perspective what
I don't to no one don't
put filth in the chat
don't put filth in the chat it's
worth more the weight of the jar is here the
problem is when when you open the
ski of course it's screwed the investment is
screwed because you know that one that
the car is the article it's one of the
articles that lose the ball the most
when it  They buy it new the moment
you take it out of the dealership it loses
a lot of value. Of
course, here we're talking about
you buying it and if you want to check that
the fart is inside you have to open it
and you've lost it, it's over,
the thousand bucks are over it
only has one exact use it's
like stamps because those I will
know they lose their value
incredible family but this will
actually sell they will take them out so we can talk about it
because of course this talks about auto the
world of it your inter spoke to me in fact
and look it's the second one that does it I
mean this is a weak copy of the look at
what the dolphin did okay but there will really
be people who buy it
both the water and the fart will
buy it man I don't think
12 20 I think not one would
need data I like how much but
reliable data
I would like to have reliable data for
the reliable data they have sold them x did it
see the feef addresses them there
bell sold everything yes but still baby
at this moment there are only 10 days left let's
see if I got any
Alexa
where to buy a
current fart
torpedo from the petita sea of  i4i is
wool torpedoes ca
n't be real entered the hexa where to
buy
but I'm sorry I'm not sure Alexa who
is a lawyer
sorry I don't have the answer and meets
the ex who is Javier Olivera
this is what I have found about Javi
Oliveira a Spanish YouTube personality
who has become famous for his
channel with the same name has obtained
more than 80 million
total views for his mockery and interviews with
other YouTubers and social media stars
along with movie reviews and
publications about video games period he
is married and has a daughter it
lacks a little updating but it
is not bad
for each family member we will buy some
fish
[Music]